add ndt_pcl_modified readme (#599)
tier4/AutowareArchitectureProposal.iv: localization/pose_estimator/ndt_scan_matcher/ndt_pcl_modified/README.md

# ndt_pcl_modified

## Purpose

This is a modification of [PCL](https://github.com/PointCloudLibrary/pcl)'s NDT.

> ## Change Points

Reviewer: "Modifications" would be more fluent but I think "change points" makes sense anyway

Author: @IshitaTakeshi Thank you!! https://github.com/tier4/AutowareArchitectureProposal.iv/pull/599/commits/71bcc001037b61da5dc1c471f8cae637bfb51749

# ndt_pcl_modified

## Purpose

> This package is a modified version of NDT library, which is implemented in Point Cloud Library (https://github.com/PointCloudLibrary/pcl).

Author: @IshitaTakeshi Thank you!! https://github.com/tier4/AutowareArchitectureProposal.iv/pull/599/commits/e584ff41c0c883837a337096e47d3247cc704d7e

## Change Points
  - You can get the Hessian matrix by getHessian(). 

>   - You can get the estimated position for each iteraion by getFinalTransformationArray().

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  - You can get the estimated position for each iteration by getFinalTransformationArray().
```

Author: @yukkysaito Thank you!!

>   - It don't align the 6 axes at the same time, just process the rotational component first, then process the 6 axes. [experimental feature]

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
  - It doesn't align the 6 axes at the same time, just processes the rotational component first, then processes the 6 axes. [experimental feature]
```
Nit

Author: @kmiya Thank you!!

>   - It don't align the 6 axes at the same time, just process the rotational component first, then process the 6 axes. [experimental feature]

Author: @IshitaTakeshi Thank you!! https://github.com/tier4/AutowareArchitectureProposal.iv/pull/599/commits/e584ff41c0c883837a337096e47d3247cc704d7e
